README.md, before:

![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/workflows/Java%20CI%20with%20Gradle/badge.svg)
# Overview

This swing application provides public and private key creation and obfuscate strings. The initial intention was to show the features of the library [mystic-crypt](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt).

# Features

 * Creation of private and public keys with 1024, 2048 and 4096 bit length
 * Save the created private and public keys
 * Obfuscate text with specified map that can be exported and imported
 * Entries in the an existing obfuscation map can be edited, deleted and new entries can be added 

# Install

Windows, Linux and Mac users can download and install it with [izpack installer created with DCP](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mysticcrypt/files/5.1/installer.jar/download). Note: for unix users dont forget to set the execute bit for start the jar file.
[![Download mystic-crypt](https://a.fsdn.com/con/app/sf-download-button)](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mysticcrypt/files/latest/download)
[![Download mystic-crypt](https://img.shields.io/sourceforge/dm/mysticcrypt.svg)](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mysticcrypt/files/latest/download)

For users that want to build it from the source files can clone this git repository. It is a maven project so you will need maven and a JDK.

Than compile the project:

```
mvn clean install
```

# List of installer tools

Here is a list of installer tools that are used for deploy the final application.

* [izpack](http://izpack.org/) IzPack is a widely used tool for packaging applications on the Java™ platform.
* [DCP](http://devcompack.sourceforge.net/index.html) Powerful simple-to-use application to generate stable and multi-platform installers.

## License

The source code comes under the liberal MIT License.

## Want to Help and improve it? ###

The source code for mystic-crypt-ui are on GitHub. Please feel free to fork and send pull requests!

Create your own fork of [astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/fork](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/fork)

To share your changes, [submit a pull request](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/pull/new/develop).

Don't forget to add new units tests on your changes.

## Contacting the Developer

Do not hesitate to contact the mystic-crypt-ui developers with your questions, concerns, comments, bug reports, or feature requests.
- Feature requests, questions and bug reports can be reported at the [issues page](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/issues).

## Note

No animals were harmed in the making of this application.

# Donate

If you like this application, please consider a donation through 
<a href="https://flattr.com/submit/auto?fid=r7vp62&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Flightblueseas%2Fmystic-crypt-ui" target="_blank">
<img src="http://button.flattr.com/flattr-badge-large.png" alt="Flattr this" title="Flattr this" border="0">
</a>

Commit message:

added documentation for creation of the izpack installer in README.md file
- remove of not needed dependency xml-apis:xml-apis
- changed gradle lombok plugin from io.franzbecker:gradle-lombok to new io.freefair.gradle:lombok-plugin that is recommended from lombok page

README.md, after:

![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/workflows/Java%20CI%20with%20Gradle/badge.svg)
# Overview

This swing application provides public and private key creation and obfuscate strings. The initial intention was to show the features of the library [mystic-crypt](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt).

# Features

 * Creation of private and public keys with 1024, 2048 and 4096 bit length
 * Save the created private and public keys
 * Obfuscate text with specified map that can be exported and imported
 * Entries in the an existing obfuscation map can be edited, deleted and new entries can be added 

# Install

Windows, Linux and Mac users can download and install it with 
[izpack installer](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mysticcrypt/files/5.1/installer.jar/download). 
Note: for unix users dont forget to set the execute bit for start the jar file.
[![Download mystic-crypt](https://a.fsdn.com/con/app/sf-download-button)](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mysticcrypt/files/latest/download)
[![Download mystic-crypt](https://img.shields.io/sourceforge/dm/mysticcrypt.svg)](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mysticcrypt/files/latest/download)

# Build from source 

For users that want to build it from the source files can clone this git repository. It is a gradle project, so you will 
need gradle and a JDK installation.

Then compile the project:

```
./gradlew build
```

The jar file is now generated and is located in the path ```/build/libs/mystic-crypt-ui-current-version.jar``` and ready
for execution.

Note: 
Replace *current-version* with the current version of the project.

# Installer tool

Here is the installer tool that is used for deploy the final application.

* [izpack](http://izpack.org/) IzPack is a widely used tool for packaging applications on the Java™ platform.

# Create the izpack installer

For create the installer with izpack you have to execute the izpack task in the build.gradle file. For intellij users
i have created a run configuration for it. After the execution the installer is created in the path 
```/build/distributions/mystic-crypt-ui-current-version-installer.jar```
For detailed information see the izpack task in the build.gradle file or go direct to the 
[gradle plugin page](https://github.com/bmuschko/gradle-izpack-plugin)

Note:
*current-version* is the current version of the project.

## License

The source code comes under the liberal MIT License.

## Want to Help and improve it? ###

The source code for mystic-crypt-ui are on GitHub. Please feel free to fork and send pull requests!

Create your own fork of [astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/fork](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/fork)

To share your changes, [submit a pull request](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/pull/new/develop).

Don't forget to add new units tests on your changes.

## Contacting the Developer

Do not hesitate to contact the mystic-crypt-ui developers with your questions, concerns, comments, bug reports, or feature requests.
- Feature requests, questions and bug reports can be reported at the [issues page](https://github.com/astrapi69/mystic-crypt-ui/issues).

## Note

No animals were harmed in the making of this application.

# Donate

If you like this application, please consider a donation through 
<a href="https://flattr.com/submit/auto?fid=r7vp62&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Flightblueseas%2Fmystic-crypt-ui" target="_blank">
<img src="http://button.flattr.com/flattr-badge-large.png" alt="Flattr this" title="Flattr this" border="0">
</a>
